feat(OSM): upgrade source from frozen Europe snapshot to live global dataset (#292)
PyPSA/powerplantmatching: docs/release-notes.md

# Release Notes

## Upcoming Version

> * OSM dataset upgraded from a frozen Europe-only snapshot (`osm_europe.csv`, pinned to `96b22e2`) to a global snapshot (`osm_global.csv.gz`, ~29,000 plants / ~2,900 GW across 173 countries) pinned to commit `13bb6a3` of [`osm-powerplants`](https://github.com/open-energy-transition/osm-powerplants). The upstream dataset is regenerated monthly; bumping the pinned SHA in `package_data/config.yaml` picks up a refresh. A recommended overlay for activating OSM as a fully-included source in 35 selected countries is published alongside (`evaluation/config.ppm_with_osm.yaml`) — see the upstream evaluation report for the methodology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OSM dataset upgraded from a Europe-only snapshot (`osm_europe.csv`) to a global snapshot (`osm_global.csv.gz` taken from [`osm-powerplants`](https://github.com/open-energy-transition/osm-powerplants).
```
shorter suffices
